1. Error analysis (DL July 4th)
The main point here is that we already have results that converge.
Understanding why they converge and at what rate is a tougher challenge.
We have two different methods with little error analysis.
1.1 Known payoff function in fourier space
1.1.1 Truncation error bound
1.1.2 Quadrature error bound
1.1.3 Decomposition of the error into its components, regularity
assumptions and other tidbits that go with the work
1.2 Numerically evaluated payoff function (or conversely, numerically
evaluated density)
1.2.1 Error in inverting the density
1.2.2 Quadrature error (this is different analysis, because the function
integrated is not hardy and the rate is polynomial)
1.2.3 Truncation error (considerable overlap with the 1.1.1, but not
identical)
I have provided Soumaya with ample references for these. The main point
is not to reinvent the wheel and I encourage taking other people's work
quite shamelessly, as long as
a) We give proper citation
b) We know (and demonstrate) that the results we take from others are
applicable and relevant (this is why stating regularity assumptions
explicitly is more important than one would initially think)
c) We merge all the things from different sources into a complete
package that is coherent in notation and tone.

2. Plots (DL July 4th)
2.1 Adding the plots in their current, albeit incomplete form, time to
tune for graphics later.

3. Language (DL July 5th, this is a hard deadline because of the english
language examination)
Going through the language and addressing the comments that I have
highlighted. Special emphasis on Abstract, Intro, and Conclusions as
these are stated as the most important bits for the language examiner.
Effort into other sections as time permits. At this point, we can replot
the plots done earlier, the language professor will most likely not look
too carefully into what exactly is in those plots. At this stage, I
propose to:
a) Produce vectorized graphs that can be edited when there is critique
b) Make sure that the plots have coherent notation
c) Merge the error analysis into the plots either by plotting the error
bounds with the actual error or by fitting reference lines with the
proper functional form into the text.

4. General improvement on the manuscript (DL July 10th, hard deadline
set by Soumaya's professor for turning in the final thesis)
Dedicate the time between July 5th and July 10th to improve both the
language as instructed by the language examiner as well as me, Fabian
and Raul.

5. Preparation for the defense (DL 13th the defense date, a hard DL)
There is another three days to make changes if Soumaya's professor
demands them. If no comments are needed, there is ample time to prepare
the slides. Since the time for the presentation is limited to 15
minutes, I proposed the following form
5.1 Header slide
5.2 Structure, table of contents
5.3 Intro to quantitative finance
5.4 More intro, going into more mathematical concepts like Levy
processes, probability, Levy Khintchine...
5.5 Description of the methods used
5.6 Stated error bound theorems
5.7 Plot with numerics and reference rates
5.8 Conclusions
The above is, of course, just a draft and if the material we have at
that point lends itself to a different structure, nobody forces this
upon us. In any case, I expect the slide preparation to be mostly a
matter of reshaping pre-existing results that are already included in
the thesis.